Jinja2 v3 (#140)
cylc/cylc-rose: CHANGES.md

# Selected Cylc-Rose Changes

## __cylc-rose-1.? (<span actions:bind='release-date'>Pending</span>)__

### Fixes

[#140](https://github.com/cylc/cylc-rose/pull/140) -
Support integers with leading zeros (e.g `001`) to back support Rose

> configurations for use with cylc-flow>=8.0rc5 which uses Jinja2 v3 which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configurations for use with cylc-flow>=8.0rc4 which uses Jinja2 v3 which
```

Author: Got ahead of myself there.

> Support integers with leading zeros (e.g `001`) to back support Rose
> configurations for use with cylc-flow>=8.0rc4 which uses Jinja2 v3 which
> no longer supports this.

Reviewer: Also this sentence is a bit difficult to parse, I would suggest something like
```suggestion
(For use with cylc-flow>=8.0rc4 which uses Jinja2 v3)
Maintain support for integers with leading zeros (e.g `001`)
in Rose configurations. Note this support is deprecated and you
should remove leading zeros.
```
